This is just a quick video regarding a couple of things related to my channel.
Firstly, my apologies to those who have had trouble posting. My settings are for
everything to go onto the forum without pre-approval, but YouTube keeps sending
dozens of posts every week into the spam directory. Every day I have to go in
there and mass approve everything, but if I miss a few days then they pile up and
for some reason I can't see them at all. When I click show more this is what I
get. That's why there are now over a thousand posts in the spam directory
that I can't even read, let alone send to the forum. If anyone has a solution to
this, please let me know. In the meantime, my apologies if you're among the 1,000
odd people whose messages didn't appear. If when you post a message you don't see
it come up on the forum straight away, please try again. I have no idea why
YouTube decides its spam. Second thing, a lot of people have asked me if I can set
up a Patreon account because they want to support me. Well, thanks to all those
who've offered. I do appreciate your support, but I do this as a hobby and
really don't need the money. I'd only go and spend it on something vain and
frivolous like gold plating my seat belts, but I thought it's a bit of a
waste to reject such generosity, so here's what we'll do. I recently went to
Borneo and did a story on a very innovative project that trades community
health care in exchange for a pledge not to cut down timber from the
neighbouring National Park. In the past, these communities used to illegally log
the forest whenever they needed cash, mostly to pay medical bills. So a group
of doctors and dentists set up a clinic and offered a 70% discount on medical
care if the villagers promised not to cut down the surrounding forest. The
remaining 30% of the medical fees can be paid in seedlings that are helping
regenerate the degraded areas. The scheme works so well that illegal logging
rates are way down and the health of the communities is way up. The idea is now
being expanded into other places. It's one of the most innovative projects I've
ever seen, a kind of win-win, and I was with the doctors when they saved the
life of an 11 year old girl, so I know it works. If you want to know more, there are
a few links in the video description. So rather than send the money to me, please
send the money to this organisation. Your contribution will be tax-deductible and
details are in the video description. Just send whatever you would have sent
to an imaginary Patreon account for my channel and send me a message whenever
you make a contribution. I'll have far more incentive to make these videos if I
know the money is going to something worthwhile rather than just fattening my
bank account.